ci: split docs deployment from publisher and deploy directly to pages (#1370)
nim-works/nimskull: doc/ci.rst

mutating nature. Currently Github Action's ``concurrency`` feature is used to
block multiple runs.

"Deploy documentation"
----------------------

As the name suggests, this pipeline constructs and deploys the documentation
website. This pipeline is dependent on the
`Release manifest tool <#tools-release-manifest-tool>`_.

> Unlike other pipelines, the code ran will always be that of the latest commit
> in ``devel`` branch. This meant that the code should always be aware of
> differences between versions of |NimSkull| being deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike other pipelines, the code run will always be that of the latest commit
in ``devel`` branch. This means that the code should always be aware of
differences between versions of |NimSkull| being deployed.
```

I believe this is what you meant.
